
BUSINESS REQUIRMENTS:

As a admin, i want a website where users can plan, book and enjoy their trips, partys, colloborations for both personal and professional occassions.
We can provide some discounts for bulky trip from a single customer. If they are above(30 - Discount 10%).
I want my website to be immediately updated whenever there was a change in users end as well as admin's end
All the data regarding food, hotels, Trasport and location information needs to be updated in daily basis according to the situation of their availability status
I need a website where my end users can their plan trips on their own using all information provided. A little amount can charged from them for information.
They can use this website and make their journey process smooth and easy.
There are 3 types of packages available for different types of customers:
1)Basic - Silver plan
2)Intermediate - Gold plan
3)Advanced - Platinum plan
This website should consist of multiple webpages. The major webpages requires home(register portal), about us, contact us, trip with us, holiday spots, special  travel(individual or group), travel code.
My company provides spot tourism services, hotels & accommodation, food, party occasions, special types etc.
Your choice of preferance are encouraged.
As a client i want my website to be good looking and very attractive with simple light colors.
And i also want my website to give high performance. So all the bookings and trasactions can be handled smooth.
Tourism services available for: 15 countries
Hotels: 5 best priced hotels with good quality
Food: 5 restaurants with location special dishes
Party: bachelor's , company, family, friends, random
Holiday mode: cruise , flight, adventure, safari, beach, amusement parks
The user needs to fill a registration form where some basic details are collected.
In order to better understand the customer needs our business development agent will get in contact with them in their chosen time of choice preference.
There needs to 4 time choices in engage with customers
Trip needs to be any one of the below displayed countries
They can opt for special trip if they don't have their preferred location mentioned below 
Special trip costs double the amount than usual trips.
Special trips are needed to be planned before 3 months of time from date of journey.
If all group trips are full/occupied, Users who came after that need to fill a form so that they will be notified when they have trip openings for group trips.
People can update from basic to intermediate and advanced plan prior before the date of journey.

TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS:

Website loading time should be less than 2 seconds.
Are the content must be secure.
Website needs to be smooth and safe.
Website needs to be well maintained and performance should good.
All the data must be optimized.
Prefer light baground colors for user convienance
Prefer good tourism images to make the website more attaractive
Provide right details when clicked or requested from user
Provide contact details immediately to the admin via a notification message 
Data needs to be up to date
Any issues can resolved with immediate action.
Provide us with good software.
Database needs to updated on requirment basis.
Information needs to structured in proper way for the ease to access.
Serve the website with past feedbacks
Reviews and comments are to be refered prior to publish.
Content needs to verified with admin before publish anytime.
Admin access can be given to 5 persons to access or add or delete anything from the website.

